2021 01 19 shaun liu pim (#11399)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyenablementrule.md

---
title: "unifiedRoleManagementPolicyEnablementRule resource type"

> description: "A unifiedRoleManagementPolicyEnablementRule specifies the enablement rule associated with a role management policy. It is derived from microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRule."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A unifiedRoleManagementPolicyEnablementRule specifies the enablement rule associated with a role management policy."
```

author: "shauliu"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# unifiedRoleManagementPolicyEnablementRule resource type

> Namespace: microsoft.graph

Reviewer: Add: [!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> A unifiedRoleManagementPolicyEnablementRule specifies the enablement rule associated with a role management policy. It is derived from microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A unifiedRoleManagementPolicyEnablementRule specifies the enablement rule associated with a role management policy.
```

Inherits from [unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRule](../resources/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyrule.md).

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |enabledRules|String collection|The rules which are enabled. Allowed values are MultifactorAuthentication, Justification, Ticketing.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|enabledRules|String collection|The rules that are enabled. Possible values: `MultifactorAuthentication`, `Justification`, and `Ticketing`.|
```

> |id|String|Unique identifier for the rule. Inherited from [unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRule](../resources/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyrule.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|String|Unique identifier for the rule. Inherited from [unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRule](../resources/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyrule.md).|
```

> |target|[unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRuleTarget](../resources/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyruletarget.md)|The target for the rule. Inherited from [unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRule](../resources/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyrule.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|target|[unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRuleTarget](../resources/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyruletarget.md)|The target for the rule. Inherited from [unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRule](../resources/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyrule.md).|
```
